After recruiting a hukou, you can go to school
He is as big as a star
Just go to Xingxing's kindergarten
Sure
So that the two children can also take care of each other
Then I'll arrange it.
Hello help me arrange someone to respect Elton
Yeah, that's right.
And a fresh class wow
You say elton
It is the first noble kindergarten in Haicheng
Elton heard that the tuition fee is hundreds of thousands
Our family has that condition
It's the following.
That's my boss's school
Children of our employees can attend school for free
Calculation unit kindergarten
Is that so?
What about your boss's big picture?
Hahaha go
The stars are back
Come here daddy hug
If my daughter hadn't died
It should be this big
star
Are you hungry? Look what Auntie brought you.
It seems that the little star really likes him.
come
I'm going to take this.
Hello Manager Zhao Nan
A customer just called
Roll call wants you to be the designer of his villa
Are you free tomorrow? The client asked you to come and join the army?
My child's first day of kindergarten tomorrow
Maybe not so good.
Let your family send it away.
Don't miss it if the other party asks for 10 million
But tomorrow I will send my child to kindergarten.
Your job
It's okay, I'm off tomorrow.
Zhaozhao's first day in kindergarten
Although I really want to send him
But Mr. Fu must have worked hard at the construction site
Try to lighten the burden on him
Hello, is Brother Nan still there? Hello, Manager Zhao
Please send me your contact information and address.
I'll be there on time tomorrow
I heard Zhaozhao say you don't sleep very well
Milk should help a bit
Thanks.
It's getting late
Rest early
This new husband seems to be doing well
Miss Nan, right? Please come in.
Mingzhu, do you think that woman from Brother Song Nan will come?
I have made it clear to their manager.
10 million how could he not come
You wait this time, I must make him regret it.
Appear in front of me
Miss, Brother Song Nan is here